Terraria Ambience is a mod that adds liveliness to your little Terraria world!

You can hear all sorts of things, such as crickets, ocean waves, campfire crackles, underground rumbles, and much more! Explore around a little bit!

Hopefully you can relax a bit more with this mod!

Developers:

- RighteousRyan (Programmer)
- William (Mod Icon Artist)

Most Recent Update:

Added crafting sounds that can be heard by everyone. They can be toggled.

Some optimisations here and there.

CONTENT
--------------

Added a depth-level to underwater ambience. The deeper you are the more intensive it gets.

Added variants to morning, day, evening, and night ambiences to switch up the potentially dull same-sound every night and morning.

Added underground jungle (day & night) ambient tracks.

Added different variants to forest day and night ambient tracks.

More variants to come!


CHANGES
--------------

Some BTS tweaks.

Added more sound configuration for people who prefer more vanilla-friendly sounds.

Fixed corruption and crimson sounds not working for some reason.
Fixed underwater ambience not working for some reason.

Fixed config-related bugs.

Removed sound packs. Literally no one used them and it made up 1500 lines of painful code.
Converted codebase to use TerrariaAmbienceAPI. TerrariaAmbienceAPI will now be a mod dependency.

1.4 Update:

SO MANY NEW THINGS!

Reverb! You can enter enclosed spaces and hear your beautiful items in reverberated audio! Can be disabled.
Sound occlusion! If you can't "see" a sound, it will sound muffled or blocked out. Can be disabled.
Audio dampening! Going underwater makes everything sound dampened! Can be disabled.

A WHOLE lot of new footstep sounds! (Metal, Marble/Granite, Smooth Stones, Leaves, Ice, Glass, and more!), a lot of the sounds were just outright replaced.
Slimes now make sounds when jumping and landing. Can be disabled.

There are now 2D positional audios that update as you go around the world, these consist of crickets, owls, and other forest critters.
Sounds now play when sliding on ice.

Audio smooth-transition. As you get closer to space, ambient tracks will grow quiet. As you go into the underground, the sound of caves grows louder.